What feature collects company-specific data such as Member Status?
Custom Filter
Event Tracking
Custom Dimension
Custom Metric
 

To recognize users across different devices, what feature must be enabled?
Audience Definitions
Attribution Models
Google Ads Linking
User ID
 

In Multi-Channel Funnel Reports, how are default conversions credited?
Second to last campaign, search, or ad
Equal credit along the conversion touchpoints
Last campaign, search, or ad
First campaign, search, or ad
 

What report indicates the pages of a website where users first arrived?
Landing Pages report
Pages report
Location report
All Pages report
 

What feature is required to send data from a web-connected device (like a point-of-sale system) to Google Analytics?
The Measurement Protocol
Data Import
Browser cookies
The Networking Protocol
 

What is not considered a default “medium” in Google Analytics?
referral
google
organic
cpc
 

What is the set of rules that determines how sales and conversions get credited based on touch-points in the conversion path?
Attribution modeling
Conversion tracking
Channel Groupings
Multi-Channel Funnels
 

What data is Google Analytics Goals unable to track?
Customer’s lifetime value
Making a purchase
Signing up for a newsletter
Watching a video
 

In Custom Reports, what must metrics and dimensions share in order to report accurately?
a – Same view
b – Same scope
c – Same Custom Report
d – Same index
 

What is used to create Smart Goals?
Machine-learning algorithms
Custom Reports
Analytics Goals
Remarketing audience
 

Which three campaign parameters are recommended to manually track campaigns?
Medium, Source, and Content
Campaign, Content, and Term
Medium, Source, and Campaign
Source, Content, and Term
 

Filters cannot perform what action on collected data?
Include data from specific subdomains
Include shopping preferences
Convert dynamic page URLs to readable text strings
Exclude traffic from particular IP addresses
 

If a user watches a video with event tracking three times in a single session, Analytics will count how many Unique Events?
2
6
1
3
 

What scope levels available for dimensions and metrics?
Event-level, duration-level, transaction-level, or user-level scope
Event-level, session-level, transaction-level, or user-level scope
Location-level, duration-level, product-level, or user-level scope
Hit-level, session-level, product-level, or user-level scope
 

Which assets cannot be shared in the Solutions Gallery?
Goals
Segments
Custom reports
Custom Dimensions
 

Which Goals are available in Google Analytics?
Destination, Event, Duration, Pages/Screens per Session
Location, Event, Time, Users per Session
Destination, Event, Pageview, Social
Pageview, Event, Transaction, Social
 

What report identifies browsers that may have had problems with a website?
a – The Active Users report
b – The Browser & OS report
c – The Source/Medium report
d – The New vs Returning report
 

What scope would be set for a Custom Dimension that reports membership status for a customer rewards program?
Session
Hit
Product
User
 

What is not considered a “source” in Google Analytics by default?
email
(direct)
google
googlemerchandisestore.com
 

If a user visits a web page with an embedded video, leaves without clicking on anything, and the session times out, how will Google Analytics report the session?
a – As an event
b – As a click
c – As a bounce
d – As an interaction
 

What is not a benefit of Google Analytics Remarketing?
Show customized ads to customers who have previously visited your site
Allow customers to quickly reorder an item they have previously purchased
Create remarketing lists without making changes to your existing Analytics snippet
Create remarketing lists based on custom segments and targets
 

What report provides data on how specific sections of a website performed?
Location report
Frequency and Recency report
Content Drilldown report
Top Events report
 

What criteria could not be used to create a Dynamic Remarketing audience?
a – Users who returned an item they purchased
b – Users who viewed a homepage
c – Users who viewed a search result page on a website
d – Users who viewed product-detail pages
 

What report shows a visual representation of user interactions on a website?
Behavior Flow report
Landing Pages report
Content Drilldown report
Treemaps report
 

A new Custom Channel Group may be applied retroactively to organize data that has been previously collected.
True
False
 

When linking a Google Ads account to Google Analytics, what is not possible?
Import Analytics Goals and transactions into Google Ads as conversions
Adjust keyword bids in Google Ads from Google Analytics
View Google Ads click and cost data next to site engagement data in Analytics
Create remarketing lists in Analytics to use in Google Ads campaigns
 

What asset is used to build a remarketing list?
Custom Dimension
Custom Segment
Custom Report
Custom Metric
 

If the Google Merchandise Store sets up a URL goal of “/ordercomplete” and a Match Type of “Begins with”, which of the following pages on www.googlemerchandisestore.com will NOT count as a goal?
/ordercomplete.php
/ordercomplete/index.html
/ordercomplete/thank_you.html
/order/complete.php
 

What does assigning a value to a Google Analytics Goal enable?
Track actual revenue from conversions
Track real-time business revenue
Analyze a website conversion funnel
Compare goal conversions and measure changes to a website
 

When does a default Analytics session expire?
When a user is inactive on a web page for more than 30 minutes
After 30 minutes, regardless of user activity on a web page
At noon every day
When a user opens a new browser window
 

What report indicates the last page users viewed before leaving a website?
Landing Pages report
All Pages report
Exit Pages report
Pages report
 

Google Analytics cannot collect data from which systems by default?
Offline inventory database
Websites
Online point-of-sale systems
Mobile devices
 

What would prevent data from appearing in a Custom Report?
Too many metrics in a Custom Report
A filter that removes all the data
Custom Report isn’t shared with users in the same view
Too many dimensions in a Custom Report
 

Where should the Analytics tracking code be placed in the HTML of a webpage for data collection?
Just after the opening <head> tag
Just before the closing </body> tag
Just after the opening <body> tag
Just before the closing </head> tag
 

Segments will not allow you to do what?
Create subsets of sessions or users
Permanently alter data
Build custom Remarketing lists
Isolate and analyze data
 

To recognize users across different devices, what is required for User ID?
A new Analytics account for reporting
Google Tag Manager
Sign-in that generates and sets unique IDs
All of the above
 

What channel is not included in the default Channels report?
Direct
Display
Organic Search
Device
 

What is not a filter setting for data in views?
Modify
Include
Restore
Exclude
 

What feature can join offline business systems data with online data collected by Google Analytics?
Data import
Goal tracking
User ID
Google Ads Linking
 

Which reports indicate how website referrals, organic search, and ad campaigns assisted in conversions?
Goals reports
Acquisition reports
Multi-Channel Funnel reports
Ecommerce reports
 

In Multi-Channel Funnel Reports, what channel would not be credited with a conversion?
Paid and organic search
Website referrals
Social network
Television commercials
 

If a Destination Goal is created for a newsletter sign-up and a user completes the newsletter sign-up three times in three separate sessions, how many Goal conversions will Google Analytics count?
3
2
6
1
 

What is a “dimension” in Google Analytics?
An attribute of a data set that can be organized for better analysis
The lifetime value of a user in a given date range
A report that offers different demographic information about your audience
A comparison of data between two date ranges
 

What feature is required to collect the number of comments users posted to a web page?
Custom Channel Groupings
Calculated Metric
Custom Dimension
Custom Metric
 

Which metric reports on how often a channel contributes to a conversion prior to last-click attribution?
Primary conversion
Second-to-last-click attribution
Assisted conversion
Secondary conversion
 

What is the “Bounce Rate” in Google Analytics?
Percentage of visits when a user landed on a website and exited without any interactions
Number of times users returned to a website in a given time period
Percentage of total site exits
Percentage of sessions in which a user exits from a homepage
 

What model represents the hierarchical structure of a Google Analytics account?
Property > Account > View
Account > Property > View
View > Account > Property
Account > View > Property
 

To increase the speed at which Google Analytics compiles reports, what action could be taken?
Choose “Faster response” in the sampling pulldown menu
Apply an advanced filter to the report
Remove any filters on the view
Choose “Greater precision” in the sampling pulldown menu
 

What campaign parameter is not available by default in Google Analytics ?
utm_content
utm_source
utm_medium
utm_adgroup
Which kinds of hits does Google Analytics track?
Pageview
Event
All of the above
Transaction
 

What metric-dimension combination is not valid?
Avg. Time on Page / Device Category
Sessions / Bounce rate
Sessions / Source
Total Events / User Type
 

Which reports indicate how traffic arrived at a website?
Demographics
Geo
All Traffic
Behavior
 

In views that don’t have data import enabled, Custom Dimensions values may be viewed for dates before the Custom Dimension was created.
TRUE
FALSE
 

Custom Dimensions can be used as what?
Primary dimensions in Custom Reports
All of the above
Secondary dimensions in Custom Reports
Secondary dimensions in Standard reports
 

What feature must be enabled to use Multi-Channel Funnels?
Custom Dimensions
Advertising Features
Goals or Ecommerce
In-page Analytics
 

What data table display compares report metrics to the website average?
Pivot
Percentage
Performance
Comparison
 

View filters are applied in what order?
Creation date
Random order
Sequential order
Alphabetical order
 

Auto-tagging is used to collect data from what kind of traffic?
Social media traffic
Social media traffic
Google Ads Campaign traffic
Website referral traffic
 

What report indicates where users start or exit the conversion funnel?
Goal Flow
Treemaps
Cohort Analysis
User Timings
 

Which parameters can be included with an event hit for reporting?
Event, Category, Action, Label
Category, Action, Label, Unique Events
Category, Action, Label, Value
Category, Action, Label, Total Events
 

What Remarketing audiences cannot be defined by default?
Users who speak a particular language
Users who visited a physical store
Users who played a video on a website
Users who visited a specific page on a website
 

To track users and sessions across multiple domains, what first must be set up?
Data Import
Ad Exchange Linking
Cross-domain tracking
Google Ads Linking
 

When the same default tracking code is installed on pages with different domains, what will result?
Analytics will associate users and sessions with a single domain
Analytics will not associate users and sessions with any domain
Analytics will send an alert about duplicate data collection
Analytics will associate users and sessions with their respective domains
 

What feature would be used to collect how many times users downloaded a product catalog?
Custom Report
Event Tracking
Calculated Metrics
Custom Dimension
 

What is a “secondary dimension” in Google Analytics?
An additional report dimension for more specific analysis
A dashboard widget that offers more specific analysis
A visualization to understand the impact of data
An additional report metric for more specific analysis
 

When will Google Analytics be unable to identify sessions from the same user by default?
a – When the sessions happen in the same browser on the same deviceAn additional report dimension for more specific analysis
b – When the sessions share the same browser cookie
c – When the sessions happen in different browsers on the same device
d – When the sessions happen in the same browser on the same day
 

What report shows which web pages get the most traffic and highest engagement?
Frequency and Recency report
Active Users report
Engagement report
All Pages report
 

View filters may be applied retroactively to any data that has been processed.
False
True
 

What report shows the percentage of traffic that previously visited a website?
Behavior > Frequency and Recency report
Interests > Affinity categories report
All traffic > Referrals report
Behavior > New vs returning report
 

Once filters have been applied, what is the option to recover filtered data?
Filtered data is not recoverable
Data may be recovered within 10 days
Data may be recovered within 30 days
Data may be recovered within 5 days
 

For autotagging, what parameter does Google Ads include in the destination URL?
adid=
urlid=
utm=
gclid=
 

What report shows the percent of site traffic that visited previously?
Sales Performance report
Frequency & Recency report
Referrals report
New vs Returning report
 

What report shows users who initiated sessions over 1-day, 7-day, 14-day, and 30-day periods?
Active Users report
User Explorer report
Users Flow report
Cohort Analysis report
 

To view accurate data in a Custom Report, what action should be avoided?
Pair metrics and dimensions of different scopes
Use multiple dimensions together in the same report
Create a report with Custom Metrics
Use a Custom Dimension as a primary dimension
 

How would a view filter be configured to include only users from Brazil and Argentina?
Filter 1: include Brazil > Filter 2: include Argentina
Filter 1: include Argentina > Filter 2: include Brazil
Filter 1: include Brazil or Argentina
Filter 1: exclude all countries except Brazil and Argentina
 

What cannot be collected by the default Analytics tracking code?
Device and operating system
User’s favorite website
Page visits
Browser language setting
 

Views can include website data collected before the view was created.
FALSE
TRUE
 

What report shows which types of mobile devices visited a website?
Technology > Network report
Site Content > Landing Page report
Mobile > Devices report
All Traffic > Source/Medium report
 

Within how many days can a deleted view be restored?
25
5
35
15
 

What is not a benefit of using segments to analyze data?
Isolate and analyze specific conversion paths using conversion segments
Permanently modify the data in a view
Analyze users by single or multi-session conditions
Compare behavior metrics for groups of users like Converters vs non Converters
 

What type of Custom Report shows a static sortable table with rows of data?
Flat Table
Explorer
Map Overlay
Pivot Table
 

What feature is required to track customer search terms on a website?
Enhanced Ecommerce
Site Search
Data Import
Search filters
 

What is a “metric” in Google Analytics?
The numbers in a data set often paired with dimensions
The dates in a date range
A segment of data separated out in a report for comparison
A dimension that can help analyze site performance
 

What criteria cannot be used to create a Custom Segment?
Ad type
Dimensions
Metrics
Sequences of user actions
 

Which default traffic source dimensions does Google Analytics report for each website visitor?
Campaign and Ad Content
Source and Campaign
Source and Medium
Campaign and Medium
 

Which user characteristic may NOT be used to change keyword bids in Google Ads?
time of day
location
device
ad preference
 

When does the Analytics tracking code send a pageview hit to Google Analytics?
a – Every time a user adds an item to an online shopping cart
b – Every time a user clicks a video on a website
c – Every time a user searches on a website
d – Every time a user loads a webpage with embedded tracking code
 

What campaigns require manual tags on destination URLs for tracking?
None of the above
Google Ads campaigns
Autotagged campaigns
Email campaigns
 

What filter would only include data from a campaign titled “Back to School” in Campaign reports?
a – Custom Include filter with field “Page Title” and pattern “back to school”
b – Custom Include filter with field “Campaign Name” and pattern “back to school”
c – Custom Search and Replace filter with field “Campaign Name”, string “back to school”, and pattern “include”
d – Predefined Include filter with “traffic to the hostname” “that are equal to” “back to school”
 

What scope applies to Custom Metrics?
Customer
Session
Hit
User
 

What report compares metrics based on user acquisition date over a series of weeks?
User Explorer
Active Users
Users Flow
Cohort Analysis
 

The default session timeout duration in Google Analytics is how many minutes?
5
10
30
20
 

What data does Google Analytics prohibit collecting?
Product SKU(s)
Billing city
Purchase amount
Personally identifable information
 

Using a standard Google Analytics configuration, which characteristics cannot be used to create a custom segment?
Users 25 to 34 years old who have their browser set to Spanish
Users who engaged in a social media or email campaign
Users who viewed a page on a website, then watched a video
Users who are female and have children
 

Sampling is applied to reports before segmentation.
TRUE
FALSE
 

If a web page visitor clears the Analytics cookie from their browser, what will occur?
All of the above
Analytics will set a new browser cookie the next time a browser loads a tracked page
Analytics will set a new unique ID the next time a browser loads a tracked page
Analytics will not be able to associate user behavior data with past data collected
 

Which reports require the activation of Advertising Features?
Geo reports
Cohort Analysis reports
Real-time reports
Demographics and Interests reports
 

When does the tracking code send an event hit to Google Analytics?
Every time a user performs an action with pageview tracking implemented
Every time a user adds an event to their calendar
Every time a user performs an action with event tracking implemented
Every time a user makes a reservation
 

Sharing a Custom Report will share the report configuration and data included in the report.
TRUE
FALSE
